<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<rss version="2.0"><channel><title>INCF/OCNS Software WG - Meeting logs</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/</link><description>The INCF/OCNS Software Working Group</description><lastBuildDate>Thu, 07 Jul 2022 10:03:45 +0100</lastBuildDate><item><title>WG meeting 06 July 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/07/07/wg-meeting-06-july-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 06 July,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 07 Jul 2022 10:03:45 +0100</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-07-07:/SoftwareWG/2022/07/07/wg-meeting-06-july-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 14 June 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/07/07/wg-meeting-14-june-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 14 June,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 07 Jul 2022 09:54:14 +0100</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-07-07:/SoftwareWG/2022/07/07/wg-meeting-14-june-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 09 May 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/05/23/wg-meeting-09-may-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 09 May,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Mon, 23 May 2022 11:26:14 +0100</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-05-23:/SoftwareWG/2022/05/23/wg-meeting-09-may-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 11 April 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/04/21/wg-meeting-11-april-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 11 April,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 21 Apr 2022 17:06:09 +0100</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-04-21:/SoftwareWG/2022/04/21/wg-meeting-11-april-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 14 March 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/04/01/wg-meeting-14-march-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 14 March,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Fri, 01 Apr 2022 10:37:32 +0100</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-04-01:/SoftwareWG/2022/04/01/wg-meeting-14-march-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 14 February 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/03/02/wg-meeting-14-february-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 14 February,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Wed, 02 Mar 2022 14:19:21 +0000</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-03-02:/SoftwareWG/2022/03/02/wg-meeting-14-february-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 10 January 2022</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/02/04/wg-meeting-10-january-2022.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 10 January,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Fri, 04 Feb 2022 09:58:35 +0000</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2022-02-04:/SoftwareWG/2022/02/04/wg-meeting-10-january-2022.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 21 October 2021</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2021/10/28/wg-meeting-21-october-2021.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 21 October,&amp;nbsp;2021.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Thu, 28 Oct 2021 10:04:59 +0100</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2021-10-28:/SoftwareWG/2021/10/28/wg-meeting-21-october-2021.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Community</category></item><item><title>WG meeting 26 January 2021</title><link>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2021/02/07/wg-meeting-26-january-2021.html</link><description>&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the first working group meeting on 26th January,&amp;nbsp;2021.&lt;/p&gt;
</description><dc:creator xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/">Ankur Sinha</dc:creator><pubDate>Sun, 07 Feb 2021 15:31:00 +0000</pubDate><guid isPermaLink="false">tag:ocns.github.io,2021-02-07:/SoftwareWG/2021/02/07/wg-meeting-26-january-2021.html</guid><category>Events</category><category>Meeting logs</category><category>Software development guidelines</category></item></channel></rss>